Rough rework of the CI setup documentation (#12094)
kubernetes-sigs/kubespray: docs/developers/ci-setup.md

## Pipeline

See [.gitlab-ci.yml](/.gitlab-ci.yml) and the included files for an overview.

## Runners

Kubespray has 2 types of GitLab runners, both deployed  on the Kubespray CI cluster (hosted on Oracle Cloud Infrastucture):

- pods: use the [gitlab-ci kubernetes executor](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/executors/kubernetes/)
- vagrant: custom executor running in pods with access to the libvirt socket on the nodes

## Vagrant

Vagrant jobs are using the [quay.io/kubespray/vagrant](/test-infra/vagrant-docker/Dockerfile) docker image with `/var/run/libvirt/libvirt-sock` exposed from the host, allowing the container to boot VMs on the host.

## CI Variables

In CI we have a [set of extra vars](/test/common_vars.yml) we use to ensure greater success of our CI jobs and avoid throttling by various APIs we depend on.

## CI clusters

> DISCLAIMER: The following information is not fully up to date, in particular, the CI cluser is now on Oracle Cloud Infrastcture, not Equinix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DISCLAIMER: The following information is not fully up to date, in particular, the CI cluster is now on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, not Equinix.
```
